ENCAPSULATION : 
------------------------
	1. Encapsulation is a technique of binding all the properties ( data ) and behaviours ( methods ) into single unit.
	2. Its called information hiding or data hiding.
	3. The Encapsulation techniques provide security of the data , which is acheived by a Access specifiers. We bind the properties and methods with private keyword, 
which is accesible within the class only.
	4. In programming side we can achieve Encapsulation by creating the class. Inside the class we can wrap data and methods.

Example  - >  Hotel menu ( Realtime example ) 
	       - >  country

POLYMORPHISM : 
------------------------
	1. One Man act like a multiple characters.
	2. A method have same name and work different kind of tasks.
	3. A same methods do a different tasks. In that suituation we can find out with parameters, type and number of parameters.

Example : A Rajinikanth is the method ,He is act as a Police , Auto driver , Conductor and etc.

Run()  -> method. Its works A man can run and returns a man behaviour.
Run()  -> method. here it works a woman can run and returns a woman behaviour.
Run() - > Method. here it works a animal can run and returns a animal behaviour.

This is called Polymorphism


INHERITANCE : 
--------------------
	1. A Parent class has its own peoperty, and a child class has its own prperty. A child class wants to use of parent class peoperties then it will inherits from the parent 
class. Then child class had the permission to use of parant class properties and methods.
	2. By use of parent class properties , child class will use like it needs.
	3. Inheritance is mainly use for code reusability. for example. We have class called calculator, Its has addition,substraction,multiplication and division. If i want to add 
modules into the calculator class, no need to recreate all of the properties. Just inherite from the parent class just add a new property from the child class,

Example ->  Solor system - parent class
		 Sun -> child class
		 Moon -> child class.
		
















		
